NARRATOR
Our heroes are on their way
to Cyllage City.
Site of Ash's next
Kalos Gym battle.
BONNIE
Want some more, Dedenne?
[EATING]
Bonnie, it isn't a good idea
to give Dedenne
so many snacks at once.
Huh? Why isn't it?
Because when mealtime rolls
around, it won't be hungry.
'Pokémon food is specially
formulated to give Pokémon'
'a healthy, well‐balanced diet.'
So it's better to eat
at a specific time
on a regular basis.
So I guess it's better not to
give Dedenne any snacks at all.
Huh? At all?
Hold on, I'm sure
a little bit is okay.
He's right.
I give Pikachu snacks
but when it's time to eat a meal
both of us are always hungry!
[AGREE]
Well, that's
because the two of you
like to eat a ton of food.
You sure know a lot about
Pokémon, don't you, Clemont?
Sure he does! Remember,
he's the Lumiose Gym Leader.
Although he doesn't
look like it!
Doesn't look like it?
There's a lot more I need
to learn about being a Trainer.
For Fennekin and me!
CLEMONT
Right!
Part of being a good Trainer
is managing
your Pokémon's health.
You feel healthy,
right, buddy?
[AGREE]
I have an idea!
Let's take a break!
The next town
shouldn't be far away.
Sure, once we get there
you want to stop
at the Pokémon Center?
[EXCITED]
Yay! Hear that, Dedenne?
Dedenne?
[gasps]
‐ Dedenne disappeared!
‐ Huh?
No way!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me
Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Pokémon
Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A jolting switcheroo!"
‐ Dedenne?
‐ Hey! Dedenne!
Where did you go?
[WORRIED]
‐ Dedenne!
‐ 'Dedenne!'
Where are you, Dedenne? Hello?
BONNIE
'Dedenne!'
[gasps]
What's wrong, Serena?
‐ Over there.
‐ Huh?
Dedenne!
I get it.
ASH
Dedenne wanted berries!
Its stomach
is like a bottomless pit!
[AGREE]
Come on, Dedenne.
You know you shouldn't have
run off like that.
[SURPRISED]
[HAPPY]
Hey, Pikachu!
Your Pokémon
are all in great health!
[AGREE]
ASH
Thanks a lot!
SERENA
Wow, that's great!
[HAPPY]
CLEMONT
Thanks for your help!
[laughs]
‐ Excuse me, miss.
‐ Hm?
Will you please take care
of my brother?
You're a keeper!
I told you to stop this
a million times!
He may not look like it,
but he's actually a Gym Leader!
He's got a great future
ahead of him
but I can't look after him
forever!
‐ He needs a dependable wife!
‐ Huh?
‐ Think about it, please?
This is so embarrassing.
Why do you do this?
BONNIE
'Duh, because you're my
big brother and I
care about you!'
CLEMONT
'Care about me
by minding your own business!'
‐ 'Thanks for waiting, Lyn.'
‐ No prob.
Are you ready to go?
LYN
I'm ready, Lena.
From now on, I'll take care of
myself, okay?
‐ But‐‐
‐ Do you understand me?
Hey!
Now that everybody's
feeling good
why don't we have a battle?
Yeah! That's a great idea!
I think I saw a battlefield
right out there.
Let's go!
[EXCITED]
Huh. Wait for me!
[instrumental music]
Good luck, both of you!
Pikachu and Chespin,
good luck to you too!
Alright, Chespin, Tackle, go!
Okay, Pikachu, use Iron Tail!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Chespin, you okay?
[CONFIDENT]
There's no way we're going
to lose this, Chespin!
Use Vine Whip!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Pikachu! Dodge it, quick!
[DODGING]
They're both moving so well!
It's because they saw Nurse Joy.
[Bonnie gasps]
What's that?
Is something wrong?
Those don't look like
Dedenne's ears to me.
No, they sure don't. I wonder..
[HAPPY]
[CURIOUS]
Who's that Pokémon?
[SCARED]
[EXERTION]
Bonnie, look out!
‐ What was that?
‐ Bonnie's over there!
Huh?
ASH
Are you okay?
What happened?
That Pokémon.
It was in Bonnie's bag.
‐ Pichu?
‐ We've got to stop it somehow!
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[EXERTION]
You okay?
[REASSURING]
[CURIOUS]
It looks like
Pichu's settling down.
What a total surprise, and what
a totally cute Pokémon.
POKEDEX
Pichu. The Tiny Mouse Pokémon.
The electric sacs on Pichu's
cheeks are small.
'If it tries to store more
electricity than they can hold'
Pichu will shock itself.
Pichu can evolve into Pikachu,
isn't that right?
Right!
[HAPPY]
But how in the world did that
Pichu manage to end up
inside of your bag?
BONNIE
Dedenne! Where's Dedenne?
[gasps]
This isn't my bag!
What? Not your bag?
This is it.
This is where I put my bag.
I guess it's possible that
somebody else
took your bag by mistake.
Well, if that's the case,
we need to find them!
Don't worry! We'll just ask
Nurse Joy. She'll help!
[AGREE]
There was a little girl
with a similar bag
who was with her older sister,
who happens to be a Trainer.
[AGREE]
Then that's it!
Do you remember what
the little girl looked like?
Let me see.
Oh, I remember she wore
a red ribbon in her hair!
Red, huh, okay.
They couldn't
have gone too far.
‐ Let's go look!
‐ Okay!
[EXCITED]
It's my fault
for not paying more attention.
Huh?
Now, don't worry.
We'll find Dedenne.
Okay.
And Pichu, we'll definitely
find your Trainer. I promise!
[CONFIDENT]
[AGREE]
[laughs] A Lilligant!
Lena, it's so cute!
‐ Wow!
‐ It is!
Careful. Move back.
You really love Pokémon,
don't you, Lyn?
Yeah! I want to become a Trainer
just like you when I get older.
So until then, I'm going to take
really good care
of this little Pichu.
I think that's a wonderful idea!
WOMEN #1
'Huh? Is that you, Lena?'
What do you know?
I had no idea you were in town.
I was just on my way
to challenge my next Gym.
Oh. Which one is that?
I'm headed
to the Cyllage City Gym.
‐ Cyllage City Gym, huh?
‐ Pichu, are you awake?
[SURPRISE]
Huh? You aren't Pichu!
[CONFUSED]
‐ I'm so glad you're doing well.
‐ 'You too, Lena!'
Well, I guess it's time I get
going.
‐ Okay.
‐ And let's have another battle
again sometime, okay?
‐ See you later!
‐ Sure!
I'll be looking forward to it!
Lyn? I'm so sorry to make you
wait.
[gasps]
Lyn?
Where are you, Lyn?
'Lyn? Lyn?'
Where'd you come from?
And where's my friend, Pichu?
[CONFUSED]
What happened?
I was supposed to take care
of Pichu for Lena.
What should I do?
Excuse me!
Have you seen a little girl
with a red ribbon in her hair?
We've got to find her!
Hey look, Ash! There!
‐ A ribbon!
‐ Wait! Hey, you!
Excuse me!
Please let us through!
[EXCITED]
Wait, mister!
We're going to lose him!
We need to talk to that girl
with the ribbon!
Mister!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Pichu!
[EAGER]
ASH
'Wait!'
‐ Can I help you with something?
‐ It's a present!
‐ Oh no.
‐ I'm sorry.
We confused you
with someone else.
It's quite alright.
I really thought we found her.
It feels like we've looked
everywhere around here.
Maybe she didn't come this way.
Nurse Joy said she was
with her older sister
who's a Trainer, so they might
already be on their way
to the next town.
They can't! What about Dedenne?
It's possible the little girl
hasn't even noticed
she took the wrong bag yet.
I'm certain she'll come back
when she discovers
what happened.
Don't forget Nurse Joy told us
she'd let us know
when the little girl comes back
so we should be okay.
She's right!
There's no way they'd go
somewhere else and leave their
cute little Pichu behind!
[SAD]
[CONCERNED]
Now don't cry, please?
We'll get you safely back
to your Trainer for sure!
[SAD]
[AGREE]
I can't figure out how something
like this could've happened.
Do you have any idea what
happened to your Trainer?
[gasps]
Oh, no!
I don't see that little one
anywhere!
There it is! Hey!
What's going on?
[EXERTION]
Huh?
I get it.
You want to have a donut,
don't you?
[EXCITED]
I like donuts too!
Excuse me!
May I get a donut please?
I was wondering if you've seen a
little girl
with a red ribbon in her hair.
No. Sorry.
Okay, thanks.
[gasps]
Thanks!
Hey, a woman told me
she saw a little girl
with a ribbon in her hair
in the park.
Here!
[HAPPY]
It's yummy!
[EATING]
I know!
[SURPRISED]
Now stay still while I put this
on you, okay?
[AGREE]
So cute!
[CURIOUS]
You see? Now we're a match!
Pichu's really cute and I care
about it a whole bunch
but I like you too.
Want to come home with me?
[CONFUSED]
Wait, I'm sure
your Trainer's got to be
looking for you right now.
Really worried, too! Hey!
If I go back to the Pokémon
Center and bring you with me
maybe I'll find Pichu there.
Let's go back!
This is it.
The woman said she saw
the little girl
right around here.
Looks like she already left.
I'm afraid at this rate,
we'll never be able to find her.
I just thought of something,
but I need some time.
It sounds like
you've got an idea.
Yeah.
There's something I want to try
that just might do the trick!
I wonder if Pichu's Trainer
noticed what happened yet.
I sure hope
we can find Dedenne soon!
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
[SURPRISED]
[CURIOUS]
[EXCITED]
[SURPRISED]/[HAPPY]
[laughs]
They look like
they're from the same family!
Wow, they do, don't they?
Bonnie, don't you think? Hmm?
[sobbing]
'Don't worry, Bonnie.
We'll find Dedenne soon.'
[EXERTION]/[HAPPY]
Thanks, Pichu.
[HAPPY]
[laughs]
I'm not sure which way to go
to get to the Pokémon Center.
[gasps]
Gone again!
I can't believe it would keep
running off. Where are you?
Huh?
'There you are!'
I'm glad
I put that ribbon on you.
[SLEEPING]
Aw, I can only imagine
the things you put
your Trainer through,
with all of your games.
Thanks for your patience!
The future is now,
thanks to science!
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
Here's my new invention that
will solve the problem at hand!
It's the Radio Wave
Amplification Device!
Radio wave?
‐ Ampli..
‐ Uh, device?
[CURIOUS]
Allow me to explain!
If you recall, Dedenne is
able to sense Pikachu's
electricity.
This converts Pikachu's
electricity into radio waves
and amplifies them.
If we broadcast those waves
Dedenne should be
able to sense them!
‐ I think.
‐ Oh, wow!
Science is so amazing!
Let's give it a try.
May I get your assistance,
Pikachu?
[AGREE]
We're counting on you!
You can do it, Pikachu!
Now, we're all set.
Your turn, Ash!
Alright, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
CLEMONT
'Here we go then! And fire!'
[EXCITED]/[EXERTIONS]
Huh?
Where are you going? Wait!
‐ Hmm.
‐ 'What's wrong?'
I think it needs more power
to function correctly.
Alright, Pikachu,
give it more power!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
‐ Are you sure this is safe?
‐ Don't worry about it!
‐ Science can do anything!
‐ Okay, Pikachu, keep it up!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]/[PANIC]
[gasps]
[SURPRISED]
‐ Yup, I knew it!
‐ It went boom too.
[SURPRISED]
Oh, no. To think
it was working perfectly!
Looks like we're going to have
to search for the little girl
on foot again.
‐ I guess so.
‐ 'Pichu!'
[HAPPY]/[EXERTIONS]
Pichu. Thank goodness.
Where did Lyn go?
[UNSURE]
‐ 'Um, are you..'
‐ Huh?
I remember you
from the Pokémon Center!
Hold on. Does that mean
you're Pichu's Trainer?
Yes, I am. My name's Lena.
Were you the ones
who found Pichu?
I'm not sure if found
is the right word.
‐ Dedenne! Where's Dedenne?
‐ Huh?
Dedenne. It's probably
with Lyn, my little sister.
ASH
'Well, okay. Where is she?'
Honestly. I don't know!
So what happened?
Lyn probably realized she had
the wrong bag.
I would think she's looking
for Pichu now.
I see.
But you don't know where, right?
I don't. I've been looking
for her everywhere I can think!
For all I know,
she might have left town.
We've got to get moving
and find her right away!
Right!
I think we should all split up
and search the widest area
we can!
Yeah! Let's give it
all we've got!
[EXCITED]
Where are you going?
Slow down, please?
[gasps]
I think the Pokémon Center's
that way!
Now where are we?
Huh?
‐ Hey, there you are!
‐ Ne ne ne ne ne ne ne.
[THUNDER SHOCK MOVE]
Awesome!
You're really, really strong!
[PROUD]
Huh?
They're chasing after us!
What are we gonna do?
Oh, no!
Lyn!
It's Lena!
‐ Lyn, are you okay?
‐ This Pokémon saved me.
I can't believe that you came
‐ all this way by yourself!
‐ I'm sorry.
Hi, Pichu!
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Ready, Dedenne?
‐ Alright, use Thunderbolt!
‐ Use Thunder Shock!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[THUNDER SHOCK MOVE]
Yes! We did it!
Yay, Dedenne!
‐ I'm sorry!
‐ Now, everything's alright.
I'm so glad that you're safe.
Dedenne, I'm so sorry!
[stomach rumbling]
Uh, oh.
I guess, I'm sorry too.
[CONFUSED]
Oh, Ash.
All ready! Dig in, everyone!
‐ It looks delicious!
‐ Thank you!
Dedenne? Pichu?
Aren't you going to eat?
[CONTENT]
Stop right there, Lyn.
Have you been giving out
snacks again?
Bonnie! I told you!
NARRATOR
Happily, Dedenne
is back with Bonnie and
Pichu is back with Lyn!
Another step in two young
girls' journey to one day
become Trainers, as our
heroes' journey continues!
[theme music]